How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Allowed me to pinpoint the misspelled word quickly.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Facilities code issues and changes quickly.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Allows you to establish a history of changes and promotes version control.
    Auto save does not allow you to view changes made.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is used more for the software developer community, where as Google Docs
    is more for word documents.

    Keeps files in repositories together so that dependencies are kept together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    No clue.

    Use git log to locate the two commit ids that you want to compare.
    Use git diff to identify the differences between the two versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always revert back to the original file.
    Promotes taking changes and risks.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Version control.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?

    You don’t have to take the time to locate mistakes in your code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    It is a judgement call when it comes to committing.
    Sometimes you might commit too soon, or take too long to commit.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    You always have a way of going back to the original commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Debug my IOS App Swift code.